c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\bin\Debug\Tinder.exe.config
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\bin\Debug\Tinder.exe
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\bin\Debug\Tinder.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Tinder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Tinder_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Tinder_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Tinder.g.resources
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Tinder.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Tinder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Tinder.exe
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Tinder.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Main.g.cs
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Main.baml
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Pages\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Pages\Login.baml
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Pages\Signup.g.cs
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Pages\Signup.baml
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\obj\Debug\Tinder_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\bin\Debug\TinderDatabase.mdf
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Tinder\Tinder\bin\Debug\TinderDatabase_log.ldf
